hey bitch you still don't have a son
what are you waiting for
all right hey this - you have seen
vagina right
wrong answer man sure
[Music]
what up its with the Laker lads of
Glendale California we're rejoicing in
our victory over from the 76ers
validation for the Lakers validation
take solace mr. Iverson
sad isn't everything yes Ellen enjoying
loser what the fuck is this
somebody get ain't got a dick that net
due to Dreamcast and knock these fuckin
not the Bach
enter the unique world of virtual sex
with Nintendo virtual boner
the first three-dimensional stereo
immersive 32-bit ocean ever virtual
water soda and that can't be done
conventional Virtual Boy comes with the
Mario's featuring a three-dimensional
that only virtual void and play singles
or doubles on either 1 or 2 player mode
end over to order 3d penis
[Music]
you